10.19 - 10.26
# Report 10


## 💭 Topic

- Anthropomorphize.
	- For a class, I had to write a manifesto and so I wanted to write something about fast fashion and consumer behavior.
	- One of the things that I was trying to figure out is how to control our consumption, how to appreciate our physical belongings more, enhance their life-cycle, and reduce waste.
	- I reflected on my relationship with my stuffed animals. And I realized I tend to anthropomorphize my stuffed animals or belongings that were gifted and have a cuteness to them.
	- These cuteness physical appearances enhanced my relationships with these stuffed animals, and I started treating them like a human companion. It may be the same for people so I did some research.

## Observation and Questioning:
	- As I looked through why I love my stuffed animals so much that I talk to them like humans, I found a product design strategy called "Anthropomorphize". Apparently, this is very common in design and branding for emotional connection.
	- Anthropomorphism, attributing human characteristics to non-human entities, including objects and technology, has been a recurring phenomenon throughout history. Even before the term "cybernetics" emerged, humans had anthropomorphized things, imbuing them with human-like qualities. This tendency takes on new significance in the context of cybernetics as it aligns with the idea that humans are integrated into larger systems and processes.
 - I wonder if I were to apply this technique in fast fashion somehow, would it help the consumer be more conscious of their clothing consumption?
